{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18140\viewh14200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Erase before write\'94 applies only to NOR Flash chips.  Leave this checkbox unchecked for most other memory including AT24Cxxx EEPROMs.  You may know that writing to NOR Flash only clears bits.  \'93Erase before write\'94 will set all bits within an entire 64KB block to all 1's whenever a 64KB block boundary is crossed.  Be aware of this 64KB granularity when deciding on the starting address when using \'93Erase before write\'94.  If you\'92ve already erased the entire chip or block, uncheck \'93Erase before write\'94.  When the starting address is after the first byte of a block, the block is not erased because this would erase the data in the block before the starting address.\
\
When the \'93Omit nulls when possible\'94 checkbox is checked, the page buffer is set to all nulls when crossing page boundaries.  This allows for optimized hex lines to be sent.  Only nulls in the middle of a line are sent, and only a single null is sent when an entire page is all nulls or a page starts with a null (to trigger a page boundary cross.)  If the starting address is after the start of a page, the page is copied rather than initializing the entire page, and zeroed after the starting address.  This behavior depends on the device.  NOR Flash generally only allows complete pages to be written and AT24Cxxx EEPROMs are more random access.\
\
\
}